Add lazer mod articles (#12105)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer)/en.md

- No Release (NR) ![][osu!mania]

### Difficulty Increase

- Hard Rock (HR) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Sudden Death (SD) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Perfect (PF) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Double Time (DT) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Nightcore (NC) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Fade In (FI) ![][osu!mania]
- Hidden (HD) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Cover (CO) ![][osu!mania]
- Flashlight (FL) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Blinds (BL) ![][osu!]
- Strict Tracking (ST) ![][osu!]
- Accuracy Challenge (AC) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]

### Automation

- Autoplay (AT) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Cinema (CN) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Relax (RX) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch]
- Autopilot (AP) ![][osu!]
- Spun Out (SO) ![][osu!]

### Conversion

- Target Practice (TP) ![][osu!]
- Difficulty Adjust (DA) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]

> - [Classic (CL)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Classic) !![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Classic (CL)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Classic) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko]
```

- Hold Off (HO) ![][osu!mania]
- 1K, 2K, 3K, 4K, 5K, 6K, 7K, 8K, 9K, 10K ![][osu!mania]

### Fun

- [Transform (TR)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Transform) ![][osu!]
- [Wiggle (WG)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Wiggle) ![][osu!]
- [Spin In (SI)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Spin_In) ![][osu!]
- [Grow (GR)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Grow) ![][osu!]
- [Deflate (DF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Deflate) ![][osu!]
- Wind Up (WU) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Wind Down (WD) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- Traceable (TC) ![][osu!]
- Barrel Roll (BR) ![][osu!]
- Approach Different (AD) ![][osu!]
- [Floating Fruits (FF)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Floating_Fruits) ![][osu!catch]
- [Muted (MU)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Muted) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]
- [No Scope (NS)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/No_Scope) ![][osu!] ![][osu!catch]
- Magnetised (MG) ![][osu!]
- Repel (RP) ![][osu!]
- Adaptive Speed (AS) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!mania]
- Freeze Frame (FR) ![][osu!]
- Bubbles (BU) ![][osu!]
- Synesthesia (SY) ![][osu!]
- Depth (DP) ![][osu!]

### Other

> - No Mod (NM) ![][osu!] ![][osu!taiko] ![][osu!catch] ![][osu!mania]

Reviewer 2: I think this should be done similarly to what the stable article does (giving this term its own section under `Other` and describing the term in a small paragraph.)

The same may go for Touch Device too.

Reviewer 3: touch device is a proper mod and should get an article like any other

- Touch Device (TD) ![][osu!]

#### Personal Presets

> The **Personal Presets** are located in a category of its own, allowing you to save any combination of mods directly into it. You can name them anything you like or add an extra description with it. Each Personal Presets are unique its game mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **personal presets** are located in a separate category to the left, allowing the player to save combination of mods and their settings for quick access. A name and an optional description can be added to the preset. Personal presets are tied to the game mode they are created in.
```

#### Customise

> Similar to the Difficulty Adjust (DA) mod, the pre-configured settings **Customise** guarantees a customizable gaming experience based on the mods you've chosen. Any change in these settings will result in your score being unranked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the Difficulty Adjust (DA) mod, the `Customise` dropdown menu presents customisation options for the selected mods. Scores achieved with any change in these settings will become unranked.
```
